hey there cats and kiddies I am the
blues man Johnny blues with this video I
want to talk a little bit about a Star
Trek fan film trailer that was released
I think going back to October but that I
only just recently you know came upon
after seeing it posted by someone on
facebook that just wowed me six ways to
Sunday and that's not least of which
because it very unabashedly so takes
place within the time frame of Star Trek
Enterprise one of my favorite of the
five televised series actually my second
all-time favorite after TOS the original
series because essentially enterprise
was on during a time where you know
every step down the road it was turmoil
and a lot of trouble in my life
personally and so every week that show
was a comfort it was showing me a
positive future and had actors that just
entertained you know Scott Bakula jolene
blalock at all they were perfectly
casted and starting off the series you
had this idea of the temporal Cold War
which I found very intriguing especially
coming off phantom of quantum leap and
of Scott Bakula time travel you know
back to the future all the classic stuff
like that time after time and of course
the time machine and so I was very
intrigued by the idea of history being
rewritten and of course seeing
introductions like the Andorians led by
Shran I loved them seeing more run-ins
with the sort of classic Klingons and
such before they end up going sort of
soft skinned if you will in the forehead
region because as we see in the fourth
season which is where really picked up
and got more directional toward the more
established norms of the Star Trek canon
you know we basically had a two-part
story i think it was where we find out
exactly why the Klingons foreheads went
so soft and it was down to a virus and
all this stuff and flocks was involved
so I mean this was just a really awesome
show for me every week week after week I
only missed two of the first herring
episodes and thankfully a local station
would play them again on Saturday night
so I'd catch them if I miss them and
sometimes I'd watch them again because
they were just that good and so looking
at this band series it's called Star
Trek horizon and it's taking place
following the events of enterprise
as enterprise was basically you know
heading toward that vast as yet untested
within the Star Trek cannon the Romulan
Wars and that's very fascinating to me
but what's more fascinating is looking
closer at what this story is going to be
about Star Trek horizon this fan
produced a film it also sounds very
intriguing now of course looking at the
title Star Trek horizon at first I was
confused that maybe their ship was going
to be called horizon and of course there
already was a horizon in the enterprise
series which belonged to Mayweather's
you know shipping lane family but it was
very interesting to me to learn looking
at their website that were actually
following around the NX 0 for discovery
the fourth in line of NX designed ships
of course in the series proper we've
seen enterprise and xl1 as well as
Colombia which was NX 0 2 and I can't
remember off the top of my head what NX
0 3 was I think we saw it briefly but
I'm loving the idea of we basically are
dealing with this you know Starfleet
crew who has to rescue a seemingly for
all intents and purposes Romulan
defector this female called Tamar who
was basically you know subjected to
going through cosmetic surgery to make
her look more human and everything like
that you're supposed to infiltrate a
Starfleet vessel or somesuch and I guess
sabotage it or something along those
lines and it seems like there's more
going on there of course the ship is
helmed by captain Harrison Hawk as
played by Paul Lang and he looks from
right off the bat from this trailer to
be a commanding presence you know in the
vein of an archer or a Kirk that kind of
thing and some of the other characters
that just stand out to me as interesting
as the chief engineer Francis Brooks you
know is the character's name and it
seems as though he's looking at this
tomorrow character as being his one true
enemy like he's got to take her down and
everything like that and then you have
of course Amelia yaris who i believe is
like the helmsman of the ship and it
says something on the website about her
holding a secret that may be key to
keeping the coalition of planets not yet
the Federation we're building toward
that
effectively but keeping the coalition
together so it's like very intriguing
then also in the trailer we see a couple
hints toward you know callbacks
basically in effect to the series
enterprise with the mysterious you know
beings from the future we never actually
got to see who the future guy was as he
was called in enterprise where
effectively he was talking to the
Suliban and you know conducting from a
future time ways to manipulate the time
stream and everything like that well we
have that again but this time one is
working with the Romulans which is very
intriguing to me because I was
speculated maybe it was a Romulan who
was trying to maybe redirect the time
stream to make Romulus the winners of
the war and take down the Federation and
everything like that take down all the
prosperity and that's just it's all
kinds of intriguing you know the the
question wise hanging overhead this
particular series what are they going to
do they can do anything they want really
as long as it involves to a point you
know the Romulan Wars and they're going
to be telling their own story coinciding
with that so it's very fascinating to me
and of course this trailer is eye candy
galore you know looks very much like
it's cut right from the same cloth the
FX cloth if you will of enterprise
proper and yeah I highly recommend you
check it out i'll be linking the trailer
on youtube as it's posted below as well
as the website case you're curious to
learn more about the actors the players
the story behind it and it just looks
all kinds of awesome i haven't been this
excited about a Star Trek fan film in a
long time I'm still also thinking about
the other one that's coming up prelude
to ax on our was the trailer sort of
full-length trailer it was almost a
movie in and of itself but um that one's
going to be taking place a little bit
further but still ahead of tos and it's
my favorite time period because it's the
least explored on screen as yet and I
just couldn't be more excited to check
it out so I love to hear from you guys
in the comments below what you think of
the trailer for Star Trek horizon
whether you'll be checking it out when
they finally have their full film
release and yeah otherwise hope this
video finds you well and i'll catch you
all later peace